idx|companyCode|0
idx|customer|1
idx|documentNumber|2
idx|documentType|3
idx|paymentDateTime|4
idx|clearingDocument|5
idx|amountDocCurr|6
idx|documentCurrency|7
idx|dffExchangeRate|8
idx|assignment|9
idx|formaPago|10
idx|noParcialidad|11
idx|importeSaldoAnterior|12
idx|importePago|13
idx|importeSaldoInsoluto|14
idx|tipoRelacion|15
idx|pagoCanceladoDocNumber|16
idx|numOperacion|17
idx|rfcBancoOrdenente|18
idx|nombreBancoOrdenante|19
idx|cuentaOrdenante|20
idx|rfcBancoBeneficiario|21
idx|cuentaBeneficiario|22
idx|tipoCadenaPago|23
idx|certificadoPago|24
idx|cadenaPago|25
idx|selloPago|26
idx|taxCode|27
idx|retencionesIVA|28
idx|trasladosBaseIVA16|29
idx|trasladosImpuestoIVA16|30
idx|trasladosBaseIVA8|31
idx|trasladosImpuestoIVA8|32
idx|trasladosBaseIVA0|33
idx|trasladosImpuestoIVA0|34
idx|montoTotalPagos|35
idx|objetoImpuesto|36
idx|taxTrasladoBase|37
idx|taxTrasladoImpuesto|38
idx|taxTrasladoTipoFactor|39
idx|taxTrasladoTasaOCuota|40
idx|taxTrasladoImporte|41
idx|taxRetncionBase|42
idx|taxRetncionImpuesto|43
idx|taxRetncionTipoFactor|44
idx|taxRetncionTasaOCuota|45
idx|taxRetncionImporte|46
idx|difMontoTotalPagos1|47
idx|difImportePago1|48
idx|trasladoBaseDR|49
idx|trasladoImpuestoDR|50
idx|trasladoTipoFactorDR|51
idx|trasladoTasaOCuotaDR|52
idx|trasladoImporteDR|53
idx|retncionBaseDR|54
idx|retncionImpuestoDR|55
idx|retncionTipoFactorDR|56
idx|retncionTasaOCuotaDR|57
idx|retncionImporteDR|58
idx|trasladoBasePIVA16|59
idx|trasladoImpuestoPIVA16|60
idx|trasladoTipoFactorPIVA16|61
idx|trasladoTasaOCuotaPIVA16|62
idx|trasladoImportePIVA16|63
idx|retncionBasePIVA16|64
idx|retncionImpuestoPIVA16|65
idx|retncionTipoFactorPIVA16|66
idx|retncionTasaOCuotaPIVA16|67
idx|retncionImportePIVA16|68
idx|trasladoBasePIVA8|69
idx|trasladoImpuestoPIVA8|70
idx|trasladoTipoFactorPIVA8|71
idx|trasladoTasaOCuotaPIVA8|72
idx|trasladoImportePIVA8|73
idx|retncionBasePIVA8|74
idx|retncionImpuestoPIVA8|75
idx|retncionTipoFactorPIVA8|76
idx|retncionTasaOCuotaPIVA8|77
idx|retncionImportePIVA8|78
idx|trasladoBasePIVA0|79
idx|trasladoImpuestoPIVA0|80
idx|trasladoTipoFactorPIVA0|81
idx|trasladoTasaOCuotaPIVA0|82
idx|trasladoImportePIVA0|83
idx|retncionBasePIVA0|84
idx|retncionImpuestoPIVA0|85
idx|retncionTipoFactorPIVA0|86
idx|retncionTasaOCuotaPIVA0|87
idx|retncionImportePIVA0|89
idx|difMontoTotalPagos3|89
idx|difImportePago3|90
tit|0|Company Code
tit|1|Customer
tit|2|Document Number
tit|3|Document Type
tit|4|Payment Date - Time
tit|5|Clearing Document
tit|6|Amount in Doc. Curr
tit|7|Document Currency
tit|8|Eff.exchange rate
tit|9|Assignment
tit|10|Forma de Pago
tit|11|No. de Parcialidad
tit|12|Importe Saldo Anterior
tit|13|Importe Pago
tit|14|Importe Saldo Insoluto
tit|15|Tipo Relacion (04)
tit|16|Pago Cancelado (Doc Number)
tit|17|Num Operacion
tit|18|RFC Banco Ordenente
tit|19|Nombre Banco Ordenante
tit|20|Cuenta Ordenante
tit|21|RFC Banco Beneficiario
tit|22|Cuenta Beneficiario
tit|23|Tipo Cadena Pago (01)
tit|24|Certificado Pago
tit|25|Cadena Pago
tit|26|Sello Pago
tit|27|Tax Code
tit|28|Retenciones IVA
tit|29|Traslados Base IVA16
tit|30|Traslados Impuesto IVA16
tit|31|Traslados Base IVA8
tit|32|Traslados Impuesto IVA8
tit|33|Traslados Base IVA0
tit|34|Traslados Impuesto IVA0
tit|35|Monto Total Pagos
tit|36|Objeto Impuesto
tit|37|Tax Traslado Base
tit|38|Tax Traslado Impuesto
tit|39|Tax Traslado TipoFactor
tit|40|Tax Traslado TasaOCuota
tit|41|Tax Traslado Importe
tit|42|Tax Retencion Base
tit|43|Tax Retencion Impuesto
tit|44|Tax Retencion TipoFactor
tit|45|Tax Retencion TasaOCuota
tit|46|Tax Retencion Importe
tit|47|Diff Monto Total Pagos
tit|48|Diff Importe Pago1
tit|49|DR Traslado Base
tit|50|DR Traslado Impuesto
tit|51|DR Traslado TipoFactor
tit|52|DR Traslado TasaOCuota
tit|53|DR Traslado Importe
tit|54|DR Retencion Base
tit|55|DR Retencion Impuesto
tit|56|DR Retencion TipoFactor
tit|57|DR Retencion TasaOCuota
tit|58|DR Retencion Importe
tit|59|P Traslado Base IVA16
tit|60|P Traslado Impuesto IVA16
tit|61|P Traslado TipoFactor IVA16
tit|62|P Traslado TasaOCuota IVA16
tit|63|P Traslado Importe IVA16
tit|64|P Retencion Base IVA16
tit|65|P Retencion Impuesto IVA16
tit|66|P Retencion TipoFactor IVA16
tit|67|P Retencion TasaOCuota IVA16
tit|68|P Retencion Importe IVA16
tit|69|P Traslado Base IVA8
tit|70|P Traslado Impuesto IVA8
tit|71|P Traslado TipoFactor IVA8
tit|72|P Traslado TasaOCuota IVA8
tit|73|P Traslado Importe IVA8
tit|74|P Retencion Base IVA8
tit|75|P Retencion Impuesto IVA8
tit|76|P Retencion TipoFactor IVA8
tit|77|P Retencion TasaOCuota IVA8
tit|78|P Retencion Importe IVA8
tit|79|P Traslado Base IVA0
tit|80|P Traslado Impuesto IVA0
tit|81|P Traslado TipoFactor IVA0
tit|82|P Traslado TasaOCuota IVA0
tit|83|P Traslado Importe IVA0
tit|84|P Retencion Base IVA0
tit|85|P Retencion Impuesto IVA0
tit|86|P Retencion TipoFactor IVA0
tit|87|P Retencion TasaOCuota IVA0
tit|88|P Retencion Importe IVA0
tit|89|Diff Monto Total Pagos
tit|90|Diff Importe Pago3
col|0|A
col|1|B
col|2|C
col|3|D
col|4|E
col|5|F
col|6|G
col|7|H
col|8|I
col|9 |J
col|10|K
col|11|L
col|12|M
col|13|N
col|14|O
col|15|P
col|16|Q
col|17|R
col|18|S
col|19|T
col|20|U
col|21|V
col|22|W
col|23|X
col|24|Y
col|25|Z
col|26|AA
col|27|AB
col|28|AC
col|29|AD
col|30|AE
col|31|AF
col|32|AG
col|33|AH
col|34|AI
col|35|AJ
col|36|AK
col|37|AL
col|38|AM
col|39|AN
col|40|AO
col|41|AP
col|42|AQ
col|43|AR
col|44|AS
col|45|AT
col|46|AU
col|47|AV
col|48|AW
col|49|AL
col|50|AM
col|51|AN
col|52|AO
col|53|AP
col|54|AQ
col|55|AR
col|56|AS
col|57|AT
col|58|AU
col|59|AV
col|60|AW
col|61|AX
col|62|AY
col|63|AZ
col|64|BA
col|65|BB
col|66|BC
col|67|BD
col|68|BE
col|69|BF
col|70|BG
col|71|BH
col|72|BI
col|73|BJ
col|74|BK
col|75|BL
col|76|BM
col|77|BN
col|78|BO
col|79|BP
col|80|BQ
col|81|BR
col|82|BS
col|83|BT
col|84|BU
col|85|BV
col|86|BW
col|87|BX
col|88|BY
col|89|BZ
col|90|CA
